Add Organization Access documentation (#596)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/users-teams-organizations/teams.html.md

When determining whether a user can take an action on a resource, TFE uses the highest permission level from that user's teams. For example, if a user belongs to a team with read permissions on a workspace and another team with admin permissions on that workspace, that user has admin permissions.

Organization-level permissions (see [Managing Organization Access](./teams.html#managing-organization-access), below) can also supersede lower workspace permissions. For example, if a user belongs to a team with read permissions on a workspace but also has workspace management enabled, that user has admin permissions on the workspace. Conversely, if the team is allowed to manage the organization's Sentinel policies (which gives read access to all workspaces for enforcing policy sets) and has admin access on the workspace, the higher admin permission level is granted to the workspace.

## Managing Organization Access

-> **API:** See the [Teams API](../api/teams.html).

A team can be granted permissions to manage Sentinel policies, workspaces, and/or VCS settings across an organization. 

> - As an organization owner you can manage team permissions to the organization on the team's settings page under "Organization Access".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Organization owners can manage a team's organization-level permissions on the team's settings page under "Organization Access".
```

- Use any workspace's "Access" tab to manage team permissions on that workspace. For full instructions, see [Managing Access to Workspaces](../workspaces/access.html).
- For detailed information about the available permissions levels, see [Permissions](./permissions.html).

When determining whether a user can take an action on a resource, TFE uses the highest permission level from that user's teams. For example, if a user belongs to a team with read permissions on a workspace and another team with admin permissions on that workspace, that user has admin permissions.

Organization-level permissions (see [Managing Organization Access](./teams.html#managing-organization-access), below) can also supersede lower workspace permissions. For example, if a user belongs to a team with read permissions on a workspace but also has workspace management enabled, that user has admin permissions on the workspace. Conversely, if the team is allowed to manage the organization's Sentinel policies (which gives read access to all workspaces for enforcing policy sets) and has admin access on the workspace, the higher admin permission level is granted to the workspace.

## Managing Organization Access

> -> **API:** See the [Teams API](../api/teams.html). <br/>

Reviewer: The `<br>` is only necessary if there's an equivalent link to the TFE provider right below the API link. (...which I'm assuming there will be eventually, but if it's not there the callout box might look weird.)

A team can be granted permissions to manage Sentinel policies, workspaces, and/or VCS settings across an organization. You can find available options on the team settings page under "Organization Access":

- **Manage Policies**  
Allows members to create, edit, and delete the organization's Sentinel policies and override soft-mandatory policy checks. Note that this setting implicitly gives read access to all workspaces to set enforcement of [policy sets](../sentinel/manage-policies.html).
- **Manage Workspaces**  

> Allows members to create and administrate all workspaces within the organization. This is synonymous to giving the [admin permission level](./permissions.html) to all workspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows members to create and administrate all workspaces within the organization. This is synonymous to giving the team [admin permission level](./permissions.html) to all workspaces, plus the ability to create new workspaces (otherwise only available to the owners team). 
```

- **Manage VCS Settings**  

> Allows members to manage the organization's VCS Providers and SSH keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows members to manage the organization's VCS Providers and SSH keys.
```
